we sold out
very hard
[Music]
let me explain to you what's going on
anytime we call up our friend Brenda
North for help he showed up without
hesitation and a few months ago he
actually became Logan Falls videographer
the problem is he's going home for
Thanksgiving and need someone to cover
for him so we told him we'd do it under
one condition that Matt amar and our
friend DC can all come over and become
Logan Paul's roommate for 24 hours and
capture what living with him and his
hyper-energetic life is like also we
kind of want to see his mansion now if
you don't know who Logan Paul is he blew
up on vine a few years ago and took over
YouTube this year by gaining over 13
million subscribers hate him or love him
I promise you seeing what the
fastest-growing youtubers life is like
is worth seeing we're just gonna move it
to Logan's due mansion really asking
Logan just needs help filming but we're
pretty sure he wants two roommates
[Music]
where we're about two minutes away from
11,000 it is this neighborhood where
this is this guy left to perk you bro
fans show up that's the cool bus I had
like 30 minutes really you guys got here
just in time
so what's the plan for today it's pretty
much how I wake up every morning oh I
think I know what actually today's so
he's had his challenger at West Coast
Customs for the last two weeks and
they've been doing like this whole like
red and black rap to it
Wow something else
[Applause]
that was like the weirdest 20 minutes of
my life 10 a.m. it's about you getting
all so excited to see how the next
Thanksgiving this gathers our judgment
you guys in shop with maverick sir
oh yeah sure this out in maverick merch
yeah honey were said you got a good
roommate
[Music]
really great first day of school over
again and when you look at you you can't
even tell the news being you and Logan
dude new life this kill this the duo
the electronic free wave cars and then
4x4 squared G Wagon
it's like teen problem little brother
jakey here god damn it we got a squad
nonsense all good you got a yo thank God
what's your name dude
mock let's go
every second I've never seen a person
get so much attention just like that
every single person in this place
staring I love it when he walks around
with everyone's out just ready to go
it's insane
I'll decide we're about to see what this
actually it looks like I'm walking
around wearing matching outfit guys I
made it mom I made it I'm not
complaining right now though I'm about
to drive the Yeti and I'm not even
talking like him this is not good I'm
usually like really cool so it turns out
if you wear all of Logan Paul's burns he
lets you drive it Yeti I heard so what's
up so we whipping it now and I'm talking
kind of weird now but hey judge me cuz
I'm driving a Yeti
man I hate myself right now I was like
if I was you right now like watching a
viewer I'd be like I hate that kid so I
don't I'm not mad at you but you can't
[Music]
oh my god just another day look you
remember when Logan just sledge-hammered
that wall in the morning well this guy's
gonna be the human sledgehammer he's
gonna literally run straight into that
wall and hopefully knock it out I don't
know how he's gonna do that if the
sledgehammer didn't but our money
through this use the deal yeah see it's
gonna just destroy it now what I want to
do is put the money I feel ready if you
stay ready you want to get ready though
well this is my first introduction to
the band so and it did not disappoint I
feel partly responsible
I think I'll be good
you're gonna blow through that
and knowledge and that's kind of set
right now we were having fun everyone's
laughing but now it like low-key I'm not
even sure like he's crying like he's
kind of he's really upset I'm not even
kidding
[Music]
my Mavericks
my boys huh smile at me weird I'm
excited I'm excited have you let me show
you Brendan's room that's we're gonna be
sleeping there is only one babies three
of you we're gonna stick next to you no
absolutely not no Brandon's room class
to Brandon North everybody all right on
a more serious note it's like thank you
so much for just like yeah giving us
access to your day bro you guys are
amazing dude yo you guys don't know yes
theory I know yes there is our dope it's
my honor bro thank you thank you brother
I'm with the squatters guys all right
guys thank you so much for watching this
episode all the Maverick and selling out
stuff it was all joke don't worry
although it's quite comfortable and I
wore the pants today not gonna lie
on another note we are selling yes
theory coffee take you to the protons
for the first time we're super stoked on
this we did a huge taste test we tested
four to six different ones and which was
the best one the one we liked the most
and for each one of these souls we are
giving two meals to the food bank and
there are only 200 of these bad boys so
for the holidays if you have a family
member a friend somebody that you know
that loves the s theory this is an
amazing gift it ships worldwide there's
only 200 of them so you want to get on
it super fast and we're gonna leave the
link at the top of the description to
guest buy it and yeah we appreciate the
support
I love you guys
[Music]